---
title: Hunter's Code
description: Part 4
---

The ‘Great’ King Perfectus was no great King. It was his ambition that drove him to the throne, and also his greed that delivered him to corruption. He fancied himself to be above even the planet itself, and this was never the truth. The Heavenly leader had known this, yet for the sake of appearances and for the people’s peaceful lives, she said nothing. Not even to her beloved. Her fist punched the grassy field, leaving a mild crater of 6 meters wide, causing her siblings to look at her nervously. Standing to her feet she spoke. “The Hunters-” “Are already here-”

Turning suddenly in surprise, the Heavenly leader was met with the Hunters squad and her Heavenly Order siblings. When she had locked onto her sibling's signal with her emergency teleport, it had sent her south of the city, where the king had positioned the Hunters for their ‘mission’. A mixture of relief and rage overtook the Heavenly leader. They exchanged information as quickly as they could, knowing their time was limited. Without questioning her words, the others followed the Heavenly leader’s rally. Each one of them could feel it as well.

A scout nearby on some rocks was looking over the field towards the city, watching the smoke rise from the walls and the tower in rubble. The clouds overhead started to form darker and more menacing. Suddenly over the horizon, they appeared- hundreds upon thousands of enemies coming from the direction of the city towards them. “They’re coming!” The scout shouted the alarm- only to be silenced immediately with a blade through his throat, causing his head to slide off his body. “We’re heeeerrrreee” A sinister voice crackled out as King Perfectus himself appeared suddenly next to the body of the scout and pushed it over with his hand.

“MONSTER!” The Heavenly leader screamed out, teleporting forward with her older siblings, taking the King and their fight upwards into the sky. The ground shook as the Hunters turned their attention back down to the rapidly approaching field of enemies. “My friends-” The Hunter Captain spoke quickly as he looked over the horizon- “Let’s give them a memory they won’t soon forget-” She smirked- her hair revealed for the first time, as she leaped upwards into the sky, raining down a vicious series of arrow volleys, each striking the ground with multiple shots of lighting, laying waste to countless enemies at once.

The battle raged on the ground as the Heavenly Order fought with the King in the sky. Their magics compete on a totally different level than their physical brethren. However as skilled as they were, alone they were no match for the King himself, and he knew this. It’s the reason he had orchestrated this entire nightly ambush. He laughed out loud as he openly took a hit from one of their spells, pushing forward at the same time to grab the Heavenly angel by the face, crushing it in front of the Heavenly leader’s eyes. With a callus laugh he spun in a circle and hurled the shattered body towards the captain of the Hunters squad.

The Hunters captain, busy fighting wave after wave of the enemy while never losing focus, did not see the body coming but her Lieutenant did. Leaping to push the Captain out of the way, the body hit the Lieutenant like a cannon shot due to how hard the King had thrown it. It drove the Lieutenant's body into the ground, killing them instantly. The Hunter captain, in a moment of shock, was nearly taken over by the enemies that surrounded them. The entire Hunters squad had formed a barrier but it was rapidly shrinking. “DO IT CAPTAIN!” The squad began to echo, and the Captain nodded. “It’s up to you now sis…” The captain whispered, as she looked up into the sky, and charged a massive cataclysmic shot, releasing it straight up, as the waves around them crashed in-