---
title: Destroyer's Sacrifice
description: Part 3
---

The commander of the [Destroyers](/wiki/reference/groups/vita/destroyers/) was a powerful force to be reckoned with. His partnership with the head of the [Heavenly](/wiki/reference/groups/vita/heavenly/) school of magic was well known, and the two of them worked long and often together. Some even rumored they grew a closer bond than they admitted to. The look in the commander's eyes that day, as he looked over the city, overrun by corrupted forces, all heading for them… said everything.

Pulling her hand over to the back wall of the room, he motioned a few commands to his troops, and they all rallied in position at the main door, baring its entry and giving them the precious few moments they needed. With a seemingly effortless act, he backhanded the wall behind him as he turned to look at the head of the [Heavenly](/wiki/reference/groups/vita/heavenly/) order. The wall exploded in debris behind the two as she stood looking into his eyes, unwavering- both knew the truth, but neither wanted to speak it.

A sudden slam was heard at the door to the chambers, causing the [Heavenly](/wiki/reference/groups/vita/heavenly/) leader to shake her head in dismissal, refusing to accept the time had come. The Destroyer shouted to the room, “Now- GO.” His voice was commanding and powerful. The leader of the [Heavenly](/wiki/reference/groups/vita/heavenly/) order motioned her hand softly, and her [Heavenly](/wiki/reference/groups/vita/heavenly/) sisters and brothers rushed out the opened wall behind them. The [Destroyers](/wiki/reference/groups/vita/destroyers/) at the door were holding firm, but the door was starting to break.

“You too…” He said, much softer this time, as he looked back at her. His hand found her face as he softly caressed it for a moment. His men looked on in respect and pride in their leader and this moment of solidarity for him. Without realizing what was happening, the [Heavenly](/wiki/reference/groups/vita/heavenly/) leader found herself on the edge of the broken wall. The Destroyer commander had lifted her up and moved her while caressing her face to distract her. However, she realized this fact too late.

Dark black energy started crackling around the doorway as it began to bulge open. Shaking her head suddenly she screamed “NO!” as the [Destroyer](/wiki/reference/groups/vita/destroyers/) commander pushed her backward, off the wall, and out into the air. As she fell, time slowed down when their gaze locked. His eyes looked into hers. one- last- time- before turning back into the room, hand on his sword. Time seemed to stand still for those few precious seconds before the entire tower erupted in a massive explosion- The [Heavenly](/wiki/reference/groups/vita/heavenly/) leader was only able to teleport out just moments before the force of the explosion propelled her into a building.

Her heart racing, she screamed- Her brothers and sisters, the rest of the [Heavenly](/wiki/reference/groups/vita/heavenly/) order, were there with her. Her group spell had brought her to them, but only her… Her siblings had never seen her like this. However, they knew what he meant to her. No one dared speak- the moment was too dire, and it was hers alone. After a moment of silence, the [Heavenly](/wiki/reference/groups/vita/heavenly/) leader stood to her feet, fist clenched in boiling rage, and she spoke with a stern, resolved voice: “We must stop him- at any cost.”